Now let's dive into stitch and you do dive into it from inside your mongodb Atlas console. There
I got a running cluster as you can tell
and now we can also add some stitch apps by clicking on stitch apps here on the left.
Now there simply click on create new application and give your application a name, like my shop, the name
is up to you.
You can link it to a cluster,
so here I'm using the only cluster I have and click create, whoops that should be one word without whitespace.
So now as it says here, this will take one, two, three minutes to complete,
so let's wait for this
and in the meantime make sure you download the attached slightly modified version of our application
we built in the last module. Simply download it, then in the downloaded folder, extract it, move it somewhere
where you want to store it and then navigate into that folder in your terminal there. And then
first of all run npm install again to install all dependencies,
this is required because the attached downloads does not include them to
well basically make it smaller. So make sure you install all these dependencies and thereafter, rerun
npm start.
You don't need to run the npm run start server which we used in the last module because we'll not
use our own server anymore,
oh and this is already done,
so here we are redirected,
that's great.
Now before we dive into stitch, let's finish the preparations for the project and when that app loads,
you should end up on the auth screen because I changed one thing,
we're not authenticated by default anymore,
we had a dummy solution in place there anyways but now I switch that and I also added something else which
becomes important later.
So this is the running application, with that we're now prepared,
so in the next lecture, let's dive into all of that and learn how we can work with stitch and what we can
see here.